feat: add Notion connector retry strategy (#1492)
Unstructured-IO/unstructured: CHANGELOG.md

## 0.10.17-dev4

### Enhancements

* **Adds data source properties to SharePoint, Outlook, Onedrive, Reddit, and Slack connectors** These properties (date_created, date_modified, version, source_url, record_locator) are written to element metadata during ingest, mapping elements to information about the document source from which they derive. This functionality enables downstream applications to reveal source document applications, e.g. a link to a GDrive doc, Salesforce record, etc.
* **Add functionality to save embedded images in PDF's separately as images** This allows users to save embedded images in PDF's separately as images, given some directory path. The saved image path is written to the metadata for the Image element. Downstream applications may benefit by providing users with image links from relevant "hits."

> * **Add retry strategy for source connectors** Dynamic retry strategy added with exponential backoff added to notion source connector.

Reviewer: add a sentence on "why this matters"

* **Improve hierarchy detection in pptx documents** List items, and other slide text are properly nested under the slide title. This will enable better chunking of pptx documents.
* **Refactor of the ingest cli workflow** The refactored approach uses a dynamically set pipeline with a snapshot along each step to save progress and accommodate continuation from a snapshot if an error occurs. This also allows the pipeline to dynamically assign any number of steps to modify the partitioned content before it gets written to a destination.
* **Applies `max_characters=<n>` argument to all element types in `add_chunking_strategy` decorator** Previously this argument was only utilized in chunking Table elements and now applies to all partitioned elements if `add_chunking_strategy` decorator is utilized, further preparing the elements for downstream processing.

> * **Add retry strategy for source connectors** Dynamic retry strategy added with exponential backoff added to notion source connector.

Reviewer: right now this only adds to Notion, correct? headline here might be misleading?

Author: The enhancement was the addition of the retry strategy itself. The comment associated with the bullet points states it was only applied to the notion connector.

Reviewer: right, added suggestion as to how to clarify

> * **Add retry strategy for source connectors** Dynamic retry strategy added with exponential backoff added to notion source connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Add common retry strategy utilities for unstructured-ingest** Dynamic retry strategy with exponential backoff added to notion source connector.
```
